:bookmark: Release 2.16.0 (#594)
maykinmedia/open-klant: CHANGELOG.rst

Change history
==============

2.16.0
======
*April 10, 2026*

**New features**

* [:open-klant:`554`] Add new JSONField ``metadata`` for management information in Klantcontact

* [:open-klant:`525`] The fields ``InterneTaak.nummer``, ``Klantcontact.nummer``, and ``Partij.nummer`` have been deprecated,
  and the autogeneration of ``nummer`` has been removed. New fields ``InterneTaak.referentienummer`` and ``Klantcontact.referentienummer``

>   have been introduced and should be used instead of ``nummer``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  have been introduced and can be used to store references if needed.
```

referentienummer is not really a 1 to 1 replacement of nummer

Change history
==============

2.16.0
======
*April 10, 2026*

**New features**

* [:open-klant:`554`] Add new JSONField ``metadata`` for management information in Klantcontact

* [:open-klant:`525`] The fields ``InterneTaak.nummer``, ``Klantcontact.nummer``, and ``Partij.nummer`` have been deprecated,
  and the autogeneration of ``nummer`` has been removed. New fields ``InterneTaak.referentienummer`` and ``Klantcontact.referentienummer``
  have been introduced and can be used to store references if needed.

* [:open-klant:`575`] Add new TextField ``reactie`` for additional details in Klantcontact

**Maintenance**

> * [:open-klant:`422`] Implement **health checks** to monitor the status of each Docker container: ``web``, ``Celery worker``, ``Celery Flower``, ``postgres``

Reviewer 2: I think I'd put this under new features, for devops this could be seen as a feature

  and ``redis``. See :ref:`installation_health_checks` for more information.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Remove unnecessary dev packages from docker build
```

> * [:open-api-framework:`211`] Optimize memory usage for uWSGI max-requests and Celery Flower

Reviewer 2: Could you add the details similar to https://github.com/maykinmedia/objecttypes-api/pull/237/changes#diff-2c623f3c6a917be56c59d43279244996836262cb1e12d9d0786c9c49eef6b43cR12-R13?

Change history
==============

2.16.0
======
*April 10, 2026*

**New features**

* [:open-klant:`422`] Implement **health checks** to monitor the status of each Docker container: ``web``, ``Celery worker``, ``Celery Flower``, ``postgres``
  and ``redis``. See :ref:`installation_health_checks` for more information.

* [:open-klant:`525`] The fields ``InterneTaak.nummer``, ``Klantcontact.nummer``, and ``Partij.nummer`` have been deprecated,
  and the autogeneration of ``nummer`` has been removed. New fields ``InterneTaak.referentienummer`` and ``Klantcontact.referentienummer``
  have been introduced and can be used to store references if needed.

> * [:open-klant:`529`] Add additional filtering parameters for the ``subIdentificatorVan`` relationship field:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [:open-klant:`529`] Add additional filtering parameters for the ``subIdentificatorVan`` relationship field on the ``/partijen`` endpoint:
```
